Add progress 2 (#5)
UBC-CS/cpsc455: notes/project/progress02.md

- Create a **component** for the main “item” in your app and display it (e.g. recipe, song listing, posting, event) _Note: If you don’t have a main “item” in your app, then pick an aspect to focus on + really develop the UI for it._

- Add effective **styling** for this “main item”. Try to “complete” a piece of your prototypes.
- In total, have a minimum of **5 components** other than App.js. (One of them will be your “main item” mentioned above.)

- Finally, be able to demonstrate that you have made progress toward completing one (or some) of your minimal goal(s)!

- [OPTIONAL] Begin to add Redux setup to your app.

**Note:** You may certainly borrow code from your assignment, but make sure you’re showing us new code that you’ve written specifically for your project!

**Remember:** These requirements are __very__ **minimal** and are here to make sure that you are making forward progress on the project. We encourage you to make progress beyond the requirements in order to create an awesome project!

## How to hand in:

> When you are ready, create a branch titled “project_2”. Push your finalized code to that branch. Do not push to this branch after 10AM PT on June 8th (beginning of Workshop 3).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Push your commits as you work on the project in a branch called “project_2”. The due date for this is the start of Workshop 3, please do not push to this branch after Workshop 3 starts.
```
